Miss Quan, long time no see.
Prince Tang is here. No one is coming yet.
Just in case. It's the same as I sit there.
Everyone, please sit down. Prince Tom.
This person's status is tragic. We'll make one with you.
Everyone, let’s see where this person comes from.
Worthy or not. You sit down too.
Really worthy of being Prince Tom.
Not everyone wins this slave title.
No wonder he has set aside a special work for Prince Tom.
This is the kind of gentleman who makes everyone feel uncomfortable.
This is it. Do these people really know how to take pictures?
poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor